In this section we will discover the world of recipes Ryssdal AP eyes have been industry standard for
a very long time now and that's because it's being a set of design criteria not the physical implementation
itself.
Let's talk about what is race and its offerings.
Rest is the relation of representational state transfer are from representational as from state.
And of course from transfer
rest is an architectural style for the web.
What this says is as we talked about earlier Remote Procedure calls or soap based architecture days
are over and rest is the standard now rest is not an implementation or a library that you can add to
your project and use right away.
It's rather a set of design areas.
Rest is not tied to weap meaning that you don't even need a shitty P-T use rest but nearly all the applications
you see on the Web today are respect.
Rust architectures are defined depending on the resource they represent a resource should be important
enough to be represented all by itself a resource can be a document and a role of a database or even
the output of an algorithm.
Recipes are defined around your eyes and your eye is a Uniform Resource indicator so a resource to be
defined on the rest should have at least one you or I.
If there is no cure why don't we simply cannot talk about a resource.
Your eyes should be descriptive and human readable as we see in these examples.
It started as a best practice to have some of your eyes as query parameters meaning that they should
be optional for your requests and see how the query parameter example ridable as you can tell with just
as example.
Your eyes must be descriptive and easy to read when it comes to any client that will face rest.
Interfaces fluoresce interfaces.
Again the key abstraction of information is a resource named by a.
You or I.
Any information that can be named can be a resource
every HTP request happens within a complete isolation from another.
With this case.
So we're never relies on the information passed in the previous request and there is no ordering of
client requests.
Whenever a response is generated for a resource then it's returned.
If the server is trying to implement tracking of states then it should have relevant.
Your eyes defined to be interacted with.
All interactions are context free each interaction contains all the information necessary to understand
a request independent of any request that may have preceded it resources are not data they they're an
abstraction of how the implementation or data is split up or presentation or consumption.
The web server must respond to requests by sending a series of bytes in a specific file format in a
specific language.
For example you have SML JS on DML PTF PPTA X and Doc X and languages can be English Turkish Spanish
Portuguese or anything you want.
Goliath at specific HTP request headers to signal what representation is willing to accept.
For example you can accept a specific file format for your request or a specific data format and you
can accept a specific language for your requests.
Here we have a long list of specifications for resk interfaces and kumu on further.
We now need to check out the requests methods of H-2 to be slow to understand how restful interfaces
capture and process these requests.
So to talk about a request types I'll see on the next video.